Create All Component page and snapshot test (#1660)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/all-components.mdx

import {
  AccordionExample,
  AnchorExample,
  AvatarExample,
  BoxExample,
  ButtonStatesExample,
  CalendarExample,
  CarouselExample,
  CheckBoxSimpleExample,
  CheckBoxGroupSimpleExample,
  ClockExample,
  DataChartExample,
  DateInputExample,
  DiagramExample,
  DropExample,
  DropButtonExample,
  FileInputSimpleExample,
  FooterExample,
  GridExample,
  HeaderExample,
  HeadingExample,
  ImageExample,
  LayerSideDrawerExample,
  ListIconIdentifierExample,
  MainExample,
  MarkdownExample,
  MaskedPhoneExample,
  MenuExample,
  MeterExample,
  NavExample,
  ParagraphExample,
  PaginationExample,
  RadioButtonGroupExample,
  RangeInputExample,
  RangeSelectorExample,
  SelectExample,
  SidebarExample,
  SimpleCard,
  SimpleSignUpExample,
  SpinnerExample,
  StackExample,
  TableExample,
  TabStatesExample,
  TextSizeExample,
  TextAreaExample,
  TextInputExample,
  ToolTipSimpleExample,
  VideoExample,
  WorldMapExample,
} from '../../examples';
import { Example } from '../../layouts';
import { DocsMessage } from '../../components';

> On this page, you will find a comprehensive list of all Grommet components. The HPE Design System currently provides guidance and theming for a large subset of these components, but some components still do not have HPE Design System specific guidance. In those cases, you can still reference the Grommet docs for information on the components and their properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HPE Design System provides guidance and theming for a large subset of Grommet components, but is not exhaustive. Some, like [DataChart](#datachart) and [Video](#video) have not yet been customized by the HPE Design System. Others, like [Image](#image), Keyboard, and ResponsiveContext provide tremendous utility, but may not require specific HPE styling or guidance.

Below you will find a comprehensive list of all Grommet components, examples for each, and either a link to Design System usage guidance or Grommet documentation in cases where guidance is not yet available.
```

View additional Grommet components which haven't been presented above. Some, like [DataChart](/components/all-components#datachart) and [Video](/components/all-components#video) have not yet been customized by the HPE Design System. Others, like [Image](/components/all-components#image), Keyboard, and ResponsiveContext provide tremendous utility, but may not require specific HPE styling or guidance.

> 

Reviewer: Insert a "Component Index" or "Component Inventory" here.

Originally, I was thinking just links to each category, but found having each component listed was quite helpful, especially to see items presented side-by-side.

I started down a brute force markdown approach, but thinking we may want to execute as a presentation component which dynamically generates the name and links from `structure.js`. Each list item could contain component name, link, maybe an indicator signaling inclusion in the Design System or Grommet only?

  height="none"
  guidance="/components/table"
>
  <TableExample />
</Example>

### WorldMap

<DocsMessage />
<Example
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/worldmap/WorldMapExample.js"
  height="none"
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/worldmap?theme=hpe"
>
  <WorldMapExample />
</Example>

## Media

### Carousel

<DocsMessage />
<Example
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/carousel/CarouselExample.js"
  height="none"
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/carousel?theme=hpe"
>
  <CarouselExample />
</Example>

### Image

<DocsMessage />
<Example
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/image/ImageExample.js"
  height="none"
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/image?theme=hpe"
>
  <ImageExample />
</Example>

### Video

<DocsMessage />
<Example
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/video/VideoExample.js"
  height="none"
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/video?theme=hpe"
>
  <VideoExample />

> </Example>

Reviewer: Insert Utilities section here. For visuals, perhaps we can just use the [icons used on Grommet site](https://v2.grommet.io/components#Utilities)

  <Sign size="xlarge" />
</Example>

### Collapsible

<DocsMessage />
<Example height="none" docs="https://v2.grommet.io/collapsible?theme=hpe">
  <Shift size="xlarge" />
</Example>

### Grommet

<DocsMessage />
<Example height="none" docs="https://v2.grommet.io/grommet?theme=hpe">
  <GrommetIcon size="xlarge" />
</Example>

### InfiniteScroll

<DocsMessage />
<Example height="none" docs="https://v2.grommet.io/infinitescroll?theme=hpe">
  <Descend size="xlarge" />
</Example>

### Keyboard

<DocsMessage />
<Example height="none" docs="https://v2.grommet.io/keyboard?theme=hpe">
  <Keyboard size="xlarge" />
</Example>

### ResponsiveContext

<DocsMessage />
<Example height="none" docs="https://v2.grommet.io/responsivecontext?theme=hpe">
  <Box direction="row-responsive" align="center" gap="medium">
    <Desktop size="xlarge" />
    <PhoneVertical size="xlarge" />
  </Box>
</Example>

### SkipLinks

<DocsMessage />
<Example height="none" docs="https://v2.grommet.io/skiplinks?theme=hpe">
  <Link size="xlarge" />
</Example>

### ThemeContext

<DocsMessage />
<Example height="none" docs="https://v2.grommet.io/themecontext?theme=hpe">

>   <Paint size="xlarge" />

Author: It will be accessible for screen readers with arrows but for some reason I'm having issues getting any keyboard navigation on this page suddenly. are you seeing that?

>   <Paint size="xlarge" />

Reviewer: I was using the ChromeVox screen reader yesterday and was not having issues with the page, however, it was skipping over the icons when keyboarding.

I am using Mac VoiceOver this morning and am not able to key through the main page content, which I am able to do on other pages. 🤔

>   <Paint size="xlarge" />

Author: Even without voiceover on, I can't key through the page content like on other pages ..? let me investigate.

>   <Paint size="xlarge" />

Author: I have fixed the issue, "Drop" example needed trapFocus={false} since Drop is open.

I am able to access the the icons in voiceover while using arrow keys to navigate page content.

>   <Paint size="xlarge" />

Reviewer: I was able to access the icons in VoiceOver now. What is read isn't very helpful. I bet we can come up with something better (like potentially shipping Grommet icons with more meaningful labels or something), but outside of this PR.

Thanks for tracking down the trapFocus.
